---
course_id: 3299
quiz_id: 20131
id: 130247
type: multiple_choice_question
sources:
  - name: "Enumerables: Common Methods"
    url: https://learning.flatironschool.com/courses/3299/pages/enumerables-common-methods
---

# Using .find

Below we have a variable, `quiet_and_loud`, that is set equal to an array of
strings:

```rb
quiet_and_loud = ["hi", "HI", "shhh", "WHAT?!"]
```

Which of the following code blocks uses the `.find` method correctly to iterate
over the array and return the first word that is all uppercase letters?

> This requires using the `.upcase` method. If you're unsure how to do that,
> reference the Ruby Documentation or try a Google search!

## Correct

```rb
quiet_and_loud.find do |word|
  word == word.upcase
end
```

> Right! The `find` method iterates over an array and returns the first element
> for which the block returns true. For the block to return true when the word
> is all uppercase letters, we can check if the word is the same after calling
> the `.upcase` method on it. For example, `"hi" == "hi".upcase` would be false,
> but `"HI" == "HI".upcase` would be true.

## Incorrect

```rb
quiet_and_loud.find do |word|
  word.upcase == true
end
```

> Not quite. The `find` method iterates over an array and returns the first
> element for which the block returns true. `word.upcase` will always return a
> string, and when use the `==` operator to compare any string to `true`, it
> will return false.

## Incorrect

```rb
quiet_and_loud.find do |word|
  word.upcase?
end
```

> Not quite. The `find` method iterates over an array and returns the first
> element for which the block returns true. `upcase?` is not a valid string
> method, so this code would result in an error.

## Incorrect

```rb
quiet_and_loud.find do |word|
  upcase?
end
```

> Not quite. The `find` method iterates over an array and returns the first
> element for which the block returns true. `upcase?` is not a valid method,
> and we're also not calling it _on_ anything, so this code would result in an
> error.

## Incorrect

I don't know.
