---
course_id: 3299
quiz_id: 20131
id: 130249
type: multiple_choice_question
sources:
  - name: "Enumerables: Common Methods"
    url: https://learning.flatironschool.com/courses/3299/pages/enumerables-common-methods
---

# Using .filter

Below we have a variable, `cats_and_dogs`, set equal to an array of strings
that are either `"cat"` or `"dog"`:

```rb
cats_and_dogs = ["cat", "cat", "dog", "cat", "dog", "dog"]
```

Say it's time to take our dogs to the dogwash. We all know that cats don't like
to get wet, so we want to separate out just the dogs. Which piece of code lets
us iterate over the array and return an array of only dogs?

## Correct

```rb
cats_and_dogs.filter do |pet|
  pet == "dog"
end
```

> Right! The `filter` method iterates over an array and returns an array of all
> elements for which the block returns true. For the block to return true when
> the `pet` variable is `"dog"`, we just need to use the `==` operator to compare
> the strings.

## Incorrect

```rb
cats_and_dogs.filter do |pet|
  pet == "cat"
end
```

> The `filter` method iterates over an array and returns an array of all
> elements for which the block returns true. This would give us an array of all
> `"cat"` strings, not `"dog"` strings.

## Incorrect

```rb
cats_and_dogs.filter do |pet|
  pet == pet
end
```

> The `filter` method iterates over an array and returns an array of all
> elements for which the block returns true. This block would return `true` for
> all pets in the original array, so we'd still end up with cats and dogs
> together.

## Incorrect

```rb
cats_and_dogs.filter do |pet|
  "dog"
end
```

> The `filter` method iterates over an array and returns an array of all
> elements for which the block returns true (or a truthy value). Since strings
> are truthy in Ruby, this would return all pets in the original array, so we'd
> still end up with cats and dogs together.

## Incorrect

I don't know.

> Be sure to study the source/s for this question. You'll get it next time.

